Exclusion operator docs + fix trace queries retention docs (#23311)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_explorer/trace_queries.md

## How Trace Queries source data

Datadog uses the [Intelligent Retention Filter][3] to index data for Trace Queries. It does so by performing: 

- [Flat sampling](#1-flat-sampling): A uniform 1% sample of ingested spans.
- [Diversity sampling](#diversity-sampling): A representative, diverse selection of traces to keep visibility over each environment, service, operation, and resource.

> These 2 sampling mechanisms capture **complete traces**, meaning that all spans of a trace are always indexed to ensure the well-functioning of Trace Queries.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These two sampling mechanisms capture **complete traces**, meaning that all spans of a trace are always indexed to ensure that Trace Queries return accurate results.
```
